MCO add info on upgrade ack for updated boot images (#94207)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mco-update-boot-images-disable.adoc

To disable the updated boot image feature, edit the `MachineConfiguration` object so that the `machineManagers` field is an empty array.

[NOTE]
====

> If you are upgrading a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS) cluster from {product-title} 4.18 to 4.19, and you have not configured the `managedBootImages` parameter, the upgrade is blocked with the _This cluster is GCP or AWS but lacks a boot image configuration._ message. The update is blocked intentionally in order to alert you that the default updated boot image behavior is changing between version 4.18 and 4.19 to enable updated boot images by default.

Reviewer: Instead of 4.19, would a later release be better? I'm more thinking in terms if this doc update is published before 4.19 is release, some kickback might come our way.

Reviewer: Do attributes exist for GCP and AWS? Do they for OCP core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or an Amazon Web Services (AWS) cluster from {product-title} {product-version} to 4.19, and you have not configured the `managedBootImages` parameter, the upgrade is blocked and a `This cluster is GCP or AWS but lacks a boot image configuration` message is outputted. The update is blocked intentionally to alert you that the default updated boot image behavior is changing between version {product-version} and 4.19 to enable updated boot images by default.
```

Author: >  I'm more thinking in terms if this doc update is published before 4.19 is release

Yes, good point. I can wait on the merge until 4.19 is released.

> To restart the update, perform one of the following tasks:

Reviewer 2: Want to clarify one more thing here, since I have a feeling I may have mislead you. To upgrade the cluster after you receive this message, you have to do one of the following steps and then the oc command you typically do to start the upgrade.

Author: @djoshy What triggers this message? When and where do I see it?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To allow the update, perform one of the following tasks:
```
The message shows up before the upgrade it proposed and inhibits the update until acknowledged. BTW did we test that disabling the feature removes the admin ack requirement once it's already been created?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that was tested when we worked on https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/pull/5027

> To restart the update, perform one of the following tasks:

Reviewer: Would the task for this action fit better as an optional step in the procedure?

> * If you do not want the updated boot image feature enabled, explicitly disable the feature as described in this section.

Reviewer: "this section" might be confusing. I was expecting a link but then I assumed it's "Disabling updated boot images" steps. How about:

explicitly disable the feature as described in the "Disabling updated boot images" procedure.

> * If you do not want the updated boot image feature enabled, explicitly disable the feature by using the following procedure.

Reviewer 4: nit: can we flip the order of these two list entries?  First, I think we prefer the MCO management, because it conveniently keeps things current in the cluster, and opening with our preferred option saves the folks taking that path some reading.  Second, it makes the "using the following procedure" more clearly "the following _Procedure_ subsection about editing the MachineConfiguration", when it feels like the current ordering might have some readers confuse this to mean "the `admin-acks` patch in the following list entry".

> * If you want to allow the feature to be enabled, acknowledge that you are aware of the change in default behavior by patching the `admin-acks` config map by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to enable the feature, patch the `admin-acks` config map by using the following command:
```

I think "acknowledge that you are aware of the change in default behavior" is already mentioned earlier in the bigger paragraph.

Author: 1. The user isn't enabling the feature, it will be enabled upon upgrade if you don't explicitly disable it.  
"If you want the feature enabled"??

2. The developers and I just wanted to be explicit about what the admin-ack command is for; it is an acknowledgement that you  are aware that this change is taking place.
